Improve failure mode, add multiple DCs (#1273)
memgraph/documentation: pages/clustering/high-availability.mdx

the ability to survive occasional network hiccups without triggering leadership changes.

## Data center failure

The architecture we currently use allows us to deploy coordinators in 3 data centers and hence tolerate a failure of the whole data center. Data instances can be freely

> distributed in any way you want between data centers.

Reviewer: I would extend this with some notes on the expected system requirements, e.g., the latency should be under N ms 🤔

Author: I think it's not necessary. Failover will be slower but slower network IMO still doesn't disqualify the architecture.

> ## Data center failure
> 
> The architecture we currently use allows us to deploy coordinators in 3 data centers and hence tolerate a failure of the whole data center. Data instances can be freely
> distributed in any way you want between data centers. The failover time will be slighlty increased due to the network communication needed.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Data center failure

The architecture we currently use allows us to deploy coordinators in 3 data centers and hence tolerate a failure of the whole data center. Data instances can be freely
distributed in any way you want between data centers. The failover time will be slightly increased due to the need for network communication.

```
